welcome to such a line battery
now you will know the main products of this category
she
Let's start with the 20th fair
Fábio Lopes owns several types of garbage lives
one for each type of application and can be used in large
removal services from materials to finishing machines
alex and bira
one side is the most aggressive of the line
with them it is possible to remove own comrades in a single process
closure
this machine can be used for the removal of paints
woods
The vital now let's talk about direct lookout
the distinct visabeira are landmarks that also take a lot of
material
but as it has a flat base let the surface more aligned delight
the list of representativeness to mainly patent planning
August passed
three of these wooden '
Now let's talk about alicia bira the genital
it has that name because I worked orbit
which allows the good finishing companies previously finished
like proposed real estate walls this would take
to receive the waldick betel shakes with the room out of litchi
This better take advantage of the list that you do not have wasted
for a better finish and increase the durability of the list
always use two litchi
with fine alicia all the surface powder will be removed by the machine
and thrown to the saa collector pruning equipment
Now let's talk about the alix opening the birth gate.
for the final sanding
free from imperfections
pieces that have already been lynched are about to be painted or
interdicted
you should use a round sander and such
alicia de larrocha digital has this name because it makes movements
behind
former directors at the same time
with this you get the best finish
it can be applied directly to or for the horseshoe
We'll see the two capitals.
works with the velcro look system
which makes faster trash exchange
this machine uses a list of five inches
with eight thefts
this machine also aspire fota did give up
and play for the brokerage factor that is
still talking about sanders we can talk about the polinter this is the end point
of the painting process
the bridge revealed that he works as a pediatrician medical times March fair
special for polishing
leaves the perfect finish in
respected
for this you should use a voting track to avoid overheating
of surfaces and above the waist
apurei crisis can also be used as a sander
for this function simply increase the speed of the machine
and replace the accessory with a type of waste
an open hint tip
start your work using thicker stripes until you get to the beginning more
fine finishes ensures a better finish
Now let's talk about this
could be used to create low
in detail artwork border edge finishing among others
applications
the two types of copies
and with other
and for laminates
sofia scicolone are used to finish the external works
the legs in the battery
already the ones for laminates
It is simple if used mainly for finishing in
or to open channels of wood '
to rise to the top
I monitor 16 mm
the quarter inch ewerthon and lincoln
so you can use most of the squares available in the market
not
Now let's talk a little about full
was concentrated to correct imperfections of the wood 'leaving the
flat surface
you can adjust your full within her working ability to remove
the amount of material desired
for example paper money with a two-point capacity of five millimeters
can be set from tehran
to 2 and reached 5 millimeters in each pass
the machine owns three South
with different depths
for cotia prass
the plan is possible to make patent filings
use parallel paths
and two types of blade, the two to be tightened.
are used in wood music
where staples may exist
is through video are indicated for final finishing
guaranteed quality